 Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Hold a true friend with both your hands.      
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.      
The wise man learns more from his enemies than the fool does from his friends.
Misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Keep your friendships in repair.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing
Most of us don't need a psychiatric therapist as much as a friend to be silly with.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
To have a few amazing friends on this side of eternity, this sometimes grotesque amusement park, is the greatest joy.
A loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Friends are God's way of taking care of us.
Little friends may prove great friends.
One enemy is too many and a hundred friends too few.
No better relation than a prudent and faithful friend.  
Keep your friends close, your enemies even closer. 