Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. 
Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Well done is better than well said.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.
There is no royal road to anything. One thing at a time, all things in succession. That which grows fast, withers as rapidly. That which grows slowly, endures
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,’ I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?’
Look at the sparrows; they do not know what they will do in the next moment. Let us literally live from moment to moment.
You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized. In the first, it is ridiculed. In the second, it is opposed. In the third, it is regarded as self evident.
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but rather a lack of will.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Every noble work is at first impossible.