If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness, and its power of endurance - the cheerful man will do more in the same time, will do it; better, will preserve it longer, than the sad or sullen.
You've done it before and you can do it now. See the positive possibilities. Redirect the substantial energy of your frustration and turn it into positive, effective, unstoppable determination.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative.
I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Life is made up of moments, small pieces of glittering mica in a long stretch of gray cement. It would be wonderful if they came to us unsummoned, but particularly in lives as busy as the ones most of us lead now, that won’t happen. We have to teach ourselves how to make room for them, to love them, and to live, really live.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Life is like walking through Paradise with peas in your shoes.
The only thing I regret about my life is the length of it. If I had to live my life again I’d make all the same mistakes—only sooner.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
We are not unhappy today because of the complexities of life. We are unhappy because we miss its underlying simplicities.
Get a life in which you notice the smell of salt water pushing itself on a breeze over the dunes, a life in which you stop and watch how a red-tailed hawk circles over a pond and a stand of pines.